chore: docs for external surveys (#12349)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/surveys/creating-surveys.mdx

2. **API:** Implement your own survey UI and use PostHog to handle display logic, capturing results, and analytics.

> 3. **Feedback Button:** Set up a survey based on your own custom button or our prebuilt feedback tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Feedback button:** Set up a survey based on your own custom button or our prebuilt feedback tab.
```

4. **Hosted Surveys**: Create a survey accessible via an external link, hosted by PostHog. Responses are anonymous, unless you use the `distinct_id` query parameter, which will allow you to link responses to a specific user.

<ProductScreenshot
    imageLight={presentationTypesLight}
    imageDark={presentationTypesDark}
    alt="Survey presentation types"
    classes="rounded"
/>

> Popover, API and Feedback Button surveys are considered *in-app* surveys, meaning they are displayed directly in your application using the [PostHog JS SDK](/docs/libraries/js). Hosted surveys are displayed via an external link, hosted by PostHog.

Reviewer 2: not only PostHog JS SDK, also mobile sdks, so i'd be more generic here

> Popover, API and Feedback Button surveys are considered *in-app* surveys, meaning they are displayed directly in your application using the [PostHog JS SDK](/docs/libraries/js). Hosted surveys are displayed via an external link, hosted by PostHog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Popover, API, and feedback button surveys are considered *in-app* surveys, meaning they are displayed directly in your application using the [PostHog JS SDK](/docs/libraries/js). Hosted surveys are displayed via an external link, hosted by PostHog.
```

    classes="rounded"
/>

> **For hosted surveys, you can only customize colors and placeholders.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For hosted surveys, you can only customize colors and placeholders.
```

### Display conditions

> This specifies the conditions a user must meet to be shown the survey. A user must meet **ALL** the conditions to be eligible. **It is not available for hosted surveys, as those are accessed via an external link.**

Reviewer: We don't need to repeat ourselves here, we can just have it below
```suggestion
This specifies the conditions a user must meet to be shown the survey. A user must meet **ALL** the conditions to be eligible.
```

    classes="rounded"
/>

> **Display conditions are not available for hosted surveys**. For now, any user who visits the link will be shown the survey, as long as they are launched and still collecting responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display conditions are **not available for hosted surveys**. Any user who visits the link is shown the survey, as long as it is launched and still collecting responses.
```

If you've created an [API survey](#presentation), you'll need to add your [custom survey code](/docs/surveys/implementing-custom-surveys) before launching.

> For [hosted surveys](#presentation), when you launch it, you'll get a link you can share with your users. You can also copy it by clicking on "Copy external survey".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you launch a [hosted survey](#presentation), you'll get a link you can share with your users. You can also copy it by clicking **Copy external survey**.
```

> For [hosted surveys](#presentation), when you launch it, you'll get a link you can share with your users. You can also copy it by clicking on "Copy external survey".

Reviewer: yes, this text should match the screenshot whatever y'all decide
